TODO.md, before:

- [x] Robust block fetching - goes to backup on failure
- [x] Everywhere blocks - for file index
- [x] UI setup
- [x] Break up big blocks
- [ ] Rebalance on disk changes
	- [ ] Revert the code I already wrote
    - [ ] Global BlockID list
	    - [ ] Use an mgr level broadcast to maintain list
		- [ ] Save that list to disk on update
		- [ ] Load that list on startup
		- [ ] Periodically pick one node to update all other mgrs with a broadcast
	- [ ] In the event of a disk change (resize/removal/addition)
		- [ ] Pick one node's mgr to do the updating
        - [ ] Loop through all BlockIDs
            - [ ] Get a list of disks that have that block but don't need it
            - [ ] Fetch the data if that list isn't empty
            - [ ] For each of those disks send the data
            - [ ] For each disk that doesn't need the data delete it
- [ ] Update Readme
- [ ] Automatically choose ports
- [ ] Encryption in transit
- [ ] Authentication
- [ ] Combine small blocks
- [ ] UI Refresh
- [ ] XOR background process
- [ ] Service discovery
- [ ] CLI setup
- [ ] Hash as filename

Commit message:

Define broadcasted struct for global blockId list

TODO.md, after:

- [x] Robust block fetching - goes to backup on failure
- [x] Everywhere blocks - for file index
- [x] UI setup
- [x] Break up big blocks
- [ ] Rebalance on disk changes
	- [x] Revert the code I already wrote
    - [ ] Global BlockID list
	    - [ ] Use an mgr level broadcast to maintain list
            - [x] Struct to hold broadcast and serialize/deserialize it
            - [ ] Send the broadcast when adding/removing a BlockId
            - [ ] Receive the broadcast and update a list
		- [ ] Save that list to disk on update
		- [ ] Load that list on startup
		- [ ] Periodically pick one node to update all other mgrs with a broadcast
	- [ ] In the event of a disk change (resize/removal/addition)
		- [ ] Pick one node's mgr to do the updating
        - [ ] Loop through all BlockIDs
            - [ ] Get a list of disks that have that block but don't need it
            - [ ] Fetch the data if that list isn't empty
            - [ ] For each of those disks send the data
            - [ ] For each disk that doesn't need the data delete it
- [ ] Update Readme
- [ ] Automatically choose ports
- [ ] Encryption in transit
- [ ] Authentication
- [ ] Combine small blocks
- [ ] UI Refresh
- [ ] XOR background process
- [ ] Service discovery
- [ ] CLI setup
- [ ] Hash as filename
